{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\b\f0\fs36 THIS IS A BOOK NOT REALITY\line SO DON\rquote T TRY TO THINK IM CRAZY OR SOMETHING\par
NONE of the Text Directly imposes my opinion on anything\par
just states of mind, and relationships between idea\par
and dream. I mean no disrespect to any relegion\par
or dream or idea anyone holds. Its simply a puzzle\par
the meaning " evolve ", practice and change\par
\par
\par
\par
L\b0 aughing little rhyme\b S\b0  all in my hea\b D\b0\fs20\par
                               end of the world she said\par
                                what i was fed when i was dead.\par
into the\fs40  Lo\i s\i0 t \i s\i0 i\b d\b0 e \b d\b0 ea\b d\b0         \par
a pyschedelic \b string\b0  induced by the master on lsd                                                             \fs20\par
                                                        \par
 email me: master322@aol.com\par
\par
"Im Not Insane , Just Devious in my Sanity" \par
-LlmaSterD- (masteronlsd) \par
\par
     1\par
\b   One\par
1 1 1 1 1\par
   1 1\par
    1\par
\b0 in the end its the same\par
\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 "no more crimes\par
have some pie\par
yeah i heard it to\par
trees man \par
on the choo choo \par
yet no more tickets for you?\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
"When you are tripping the fuck out, and are going back into the confused state of emptiness, chase down the feelings reason, chase down its cause for the emotion, read over the situation, and focus on the feeling, and change it into joy, understand you are not bad, understand you are beautiful for who you are, and absolutely nothing else matters, because everything else is just a large \b orchestration\b0  in your head. "\par
\par
it has absolutely nothing to do with drugs, and it never fuckin did, just the actions\par
\par
 you say ? \b why written this way?\par
\b0\fs24 To play with meanings, \b hide meanings\b0 , and open up another potential layer of communication.\par
stoners live and stoners die,\par
and we make type0's to.--=> or \b did i\b0 ?                                                                                    \b the words melting in\b0\par
\b\fs28\par
not an event\par
the driving force pushes the words out\par
\par
whoa it connects man.\par
l\par
\par
\ul "as the illusion unfolds, the master is shown"\ulnone\par
\par
\par
prefac\ul E\ulnone : th\b0 E\b  LittL\ul E\ulnone  Li\ul E\ulnone  in itS h\ul E\ulnone aD\b0\par
\f1\fs20\par
"in my minds eye,ill find the crease,\par
a single tear, once seemed to not cease,\par
tears i do want to cry, \par
the tears to set me free, to find thee\par
the tears, are of joy, and now seep from inside of me"\f0\fs24\par
\par
mind wide open, not knowing what\rquote s going on, something fell out, and it goes on and on:\par
\par
\b hahahahahahhahahaha\b0\par
\f1\fs20\par
\b\f0 chemicals\b0  that \b we are supposed \b0 to regularly intake in are natural environment are removed due to many\b  factors\b0 : from the food we eat, the way we \b think, \b0 and the way we \b act,\b0  it is in turn replaced with other \b chemicals\b0  , which should not be in are bodies and cause us to be disruptive and confused inside, naturally we would not be this way. but because of man's interventions from the beginning of our existence from the start of \b organized \b0 religion, which taught man to \b communicate in order to pass on there psychotic beliefs \b0 and ideas, christianity and other negative religions, witch in term are for 'brain washing' there victims, and taking there money from them, while they live rich in there 'heaven' feeding off \b of your life\b0 , which is there existence here without having the to put out the effort to survive., now you in turn work hard your whole live waiting, in 'hell'. we \b are animals, \b0 we belong in are natural environment, we are so used to being spoiled by what we think we 'need' to live, which is\b  just a privilege?  \b0 'tv, school, money, books television', money is the evil that has killed us all. Because of this greed people stopped caring about who they are and there lives, surviving, and being in peace  with the earth,  there is no use in being scared of death, you are supposed to die, and be recycled so that way life can live on, trying to hang on to a single life because of ones external resources, or personal feelings is completely selfish. We Wage A Never-ending War On Are Own \b Mother\b0 , its most likely because \b you are taught that you have to feel bad, \b0 when feeling is bad is totally up to you. You are in control of your brain, its your engine to control your body, to move around in your \b environment, \b0 you tell it everything what to do, you tell it everything not to do, its just that are thoughts are threaded through are heads in layers, some of are thoughts, which we don\rquote t think of, (they just happen at a lower level are subconscious, to remove the tedious task of having to repeatedly think of doing that to get it the thoughts task done) then in turn it is hard to remove that feeling, because is almost set in stone, it is possible however, through mediation and understanding and realizing what i am trying to say to you.. \b We are Human beings\b0 , we are animals, We Are love, there is no hate, hate is just misunderstanding, \b and causing self inflicted wounds in your head. \b0 there is really no love, love is life, \b and life is love\b0 , everything that exists is one, and works together in harmony, and everything inside of me is the same as inside of you, we are no different in anyway except for the external form of which we our forced to take. We just take different forms to adpart to are environments otherwise how else could we exist?. we are in heaven, right now, because there is nothing else stop wasting your life waiting for something after you die just to get recycled and do it all over again, while a few people get to sit around and do nothing but get off on you, tell you there smarter, so you feel dumb, tell you your ugly , so you feel ugly, show you on the television, exactly what they want you to see, exactly how they want to portray themselves, on there time, exactly the way they want. \b they repeat the lies in your head\b0 , and get you so deeply involved in it. Once they have you repeatedly seeing something that you think is true, because of how you see it portrayed, over and over, and over, eventually \b you register in \b0 that,\b  in your head\b0 , so that you no longer, so that you don\rquote t have to constantly, think to yourself, and assign that item, its value, rather it is assigned once: and is usually very hard to change after \b repeated view\b0 . Why do you think the  Perfect Girl is the one the TV Portrays. Why do you think you actually truly feel attracted, to just the body you see. When you know for fact inside, that you just don\rquote t want to be alone, you want to be a part, you long for the person you love, not the person who will get you the best fuck. We Lie to ourselves, Because we have been lied to. Can you \b Really think \b0 that you would have \b come to\b0  most of these conclusions naturally? or have the people around you, who all do the same thing, circle around the television, for the majority of there lives, and are kept busy while they are used, and continue to hurt themselves, and \b are fellow animals\b0 , \b influence\ul\b0 d\ulnone  your opinions at all, based upon what they thought were there opinion's, based upon what there heard from someone else, and so forth , until the top of this 'tree' is reached, were we find the source, something everyone, and everything see's that displays' all the messages, that we do not need. And Is Not Ok.  It Is Not Ok To Murder For Fun, it Is Not Ok To Hurt People \b You Love, it Is Not Ok To Be Selfish\b0 , It is not Ok, to Expect that we 'HAVE' to be doing something to Keep busy, it Is Not Ok For Us to Be Living In This Way, It Is Not Ok. now while your thinking, notice how you start to hurt others around you without even knowing your doing it just because of what your feeling, your so used to only thinking of you you you, but what your forgetting is that there is no you, there is only us. there is no you there is only us. there is no you there is only us. there is no you there is only us. there is no you there is only us. there is no you there is only us. there is no you there is only us. there is no you there is only us. there is no you there is only us. its all ok , feel there is only us. there is only us. \b what happens, when you find out what is going on \b0 , and the people who are getting rich, manipulating us other monkeys , who are trained from young, to believe in life after death, think of them selves, and that everyone is not the same, and its ok to hurt people because of the examples they see around them, everything everyone else does, is because they saw someone else do it , or how else could they see them self doing it. they then put that into you, make you hurt, make you start thinking of all the negative stuff going on inside of you, because of the fact of what you are deprived of. your natural existence. telling people that things are bad that are natural , causes SEVERE confusin in the mind, and people to start \b tripping the hell out. \b0 it makes people act out in all sorts of negative ways that keep us busy while they gather are services, and are lives decay. You know that money is merely paper that means jack shit, but they just pretend it does , so that we think it does, and \b start tripping the hell out \b0 over some stupid paper, and already do the real values of what we are to be paid (the work), which once is done, cannot be taken back, in return for something, which has in turn really no value at all, just a piece of paper with some pretty stamps on it. why \b the hell \b0 are \b we killing each other for no reasons. why \b0 the hell are we manipulating everyone, why the hell don\rquote t you people start acting like what you are fucking animals, and stop acting like what your not , which is the almighty 'human beings'. By Killing Our Fellow Animals, We Are Killing Our Selves, We Need Them, just as much as they need us, they are not something of which we can stake a claim, or act as if they our a product. why don\rquote t we get back on track, and get into touch with who we are before its to late and we destroy are selves, \b why cant i just get back home\b0 , it feels like my world has been invaded. I Have as much right as any of you to exist. And You have no right to dictate how we all exist, they will not agree, but they have no right to argue (for it is not meant), 'this is that, or i was here first, or i have this gun, or i have this paper' , its all a bunch of lies, a bunch of tricks and magic, to get me to fall into your \b trap\b0 , silly little games, that were  messed from the start, it is snow balling into something disastrous, we are a infected. If you really think about were Only hurting each other, because we want to. ANY AND ALL Mental Walls, are Breakable, and Penetrable, its just do you really want to. We Are Energy, You Can Feel Your Energy, in yourself, (if you make your body \b listen\b0 , and focus on it, and cause it to build until a point, were you can no longer take the intense feeling.)  this is  only chance, because the way we are going, we are slowly killing are selves, and everyone around us. why the hell do we think it is ok to kill other beings, tree's animals, manipulate them, why do we try to play the event, which brought us to this existence, instead of living in this existence, in harmony of who we are, and what we are, rather then what we have done, and destroyed. to get are selves back to were are supposed to be , get are selves, back to were im not psychotic, \b ORDERING THE THOUGHT\b0 , BRINGS UPON PAIN AND SUFFERING, BECAUSE ONE NOW CAN CONTINUOUSLY FOCUS ON A\b  NEGATIVE THOUGHT\b0 , BECAUSE OF REPEATING \b PRACTICE\b0 , AND INSTRUCTION FROM OTHERS, IF THIS WAS NOT SO, THERE MIND WOULD BE MORE WANDERING, FREE. i want you to understand im trying to type this in a fast as possible manner, because i am very lazy, and don\rquote t like having to order my thought, when it is totally unnecessary and brings me nothing but a annoyance, which is a unnatural feeling, because we are NOT supposed to do that, and stop yelling at me saying im supposed to because, that\rquote s trying to convince me of your point, and in turn \b BRAIN WASH ME\b0 , into believing nothing but a bunch of bullshit. i believe in what i believe in, and what i believe is me, and if you do not like, me or feeling mad, or feel like im crazy, and i don\rquote t know what im talking about think to your self, why am i thinking, that why am i repeating, the same thing over and over in my head, if its not even my belief, if its something i was \b TOLD\b0 , not something i came to believe, things we come to believe are, are truths, because we know it is true inside, we are being manipulated into this fake thought, by we what are told is to be true, which in turn , is not, just a lie, made up to make someone confused, so that they can manipulate them, and live in there so called luxury, which is really \b destruction.\b0  , selfish beings of higher levels of thought have come here. and taught people to believe in there so called gods, or religions, when the gods, were really them, and we just going to use us to there advantage. they in turn \b gave the monkeys knowledge, of a deceitful source\b0 , false feelings of peace, and false hope, so we would be more compliant in are tasks.. they monkeys in turn, abused that knowledge and used it for there own primitive emotions, and to benefit them selves, in the best possible way they could, everything they we live for is a lie. everything we are is them. and everything we need to be , is not lost. chemicals, which open the mind, are removed from the environment, it also causes are ability to focus, on subjects, and communicate with each other , to dissolve, and become varied, and hard, they teach us to communicate with sounds, or external noises, which make it hard, to get, real feelings across, rather they receive thoughts of what they were taught from young, not of what they believe. everything which is true, you are and only know, and is here with you from birth, because you have been are from the \b start\b0 , you are life, and we are one. other illegal drugs drugs taken out of are environment, which give us feelings of joy and happiness, but also cause \b damage,\b0  to the body (duH! so does everything else).\b  point. there is no sadness, only the removal of happiness\b0 , which is \b due to what we lack\b0 , which gives us the feeling of feeling ok, and not\b  worrying \b0 about are \b wants\b0 , and just worry about are lives, and who we are, like we were intended to. what we do now, is suffer because we do not have what is rightfully ours. that is are natural lives. we all long for something, we all long to be free, we all long to go home, to were we came from., are heaven, are planet , are earth. Levels of Thought , Peoples Handles, and How to \b Communicate\b0  .<.\b  ------------- \b0 Are Reality, is Of Are Thought, and So Are We, we are interconnected within each other in layers. The external reality, is for getting around, and finding values of which you can \b intake\b0 , and use in more positive and constructive, and effective ways, then of the more deceitful type of communication, which is that of word of mouth. Everyone and everything has a\b  value\b0 , just like everything in this computer, people can then be found by associating your thought with there value. There value is found by the look they have in there eyes, not the actual \b eyes\b0 , but this feeling you feel inside of you, and you know it to be them, this is easier to find with people you love, but if you try hard enough, everyone is penetrable. just stare them \b in the eyes\b0 , many users of hallucinogenic drugs know exactly what i am talking about. because a \b drug\b0  like LSD 'resets' the mind basically , crushes through mental blocks like a hot knife through butter, the walls come crashing, and so does your sanity. there are safer alternatives to coming into touch with your spiritual side, such as meditation. meditation is something that\b  everyone\b0 , should be taught from the day they could sit still. meditation is something powerful. my definition of mediating is taking your consciousness down to a lower level of \b operating ,\b0  so you can stop, and realize, sense what is really there, and erase un-normal, implanted parts of you , which you did not ask for but were given when young., once you master\b  entering this state\b0 , and learn the fundamentals of controlling it you can then alter your realities, and communicate with each other, in the fashion we are supposed, with are feelings, not are\b  words\b0 , there is no reason to explain, when all you have to do is close your eyes, and everything you need to know is already there., anything else would just be \b 'civilized'\b0  which is \b nothing but destruction\b0 . You are always aware and open to others , its just that your not listening. they are sending you the signals, without them even knowing it. it is carried out in the subconscious thought, and is not brought to the top, and there fore cannot be changed, but can be heard. To send out this same type of message, that we should already naturally know how to do, (if none of the standard methods, of communication were taught to us , i believe that we would all adapt back to how we used to communicate, just like how other life forms do. expressions, and thoughts, without the need for a sound. Sending the Message: Messages, to others cannot be of words. They can only be of something, that the person who is 'receiving' knows of, because it is something that is really real, not something that is distorted in your head, and is your perception of real. now someone who doesn\rquote t \b understand\b0  your current perception is in turn confused, and loses the data of which you were trying to send. What only can be sent is feelings, or\b  shared memories\b0 . something of which you both understand, and conceive in the same manner (all basic instincts, and thoughts, are in are blueprints, and we all share of them, so there fore they can all be submitted back and forth to each other., because we carry the parts needed , for the item to be executed. its only, are you looking. some of the feelings you get inside of are a external origin.  we get them confused with are true feelings, and in turn stop feeling what is really there, and start feeling what is implanted there. the implantation is a infection of not the physical sort, but of the\b  mental\b0 . which is given off by others, without there knowledge in there subconscious thought., because they are suffering. just about everyone in this world is totally out of there minds. i cannot believe how strong the mental walls, and blocks, are in all of you. i cannot believe how we do this to are selves, how can you all , really be so selfish? when there is no\b  individual \b0 you? you aren\rquote t hurting just yourself, your hurting every single one of us, every single time. no excuses , and no shit. How can we only think of are selves, and think of are \b selves\b0  as better then are own brothers, are fellow life forms, and in turn are going to ruin it for us all. Your Addictions, to Greed, and External False Happiness, with not just the cost of \b your own life\b0 , but the destruction of just about everything else. What we are doing right now is destroying are world. We all talk of the end, because we are starting it. It is to late, and \b does not matter\b0 . Soon life as we know it will end because it is unnatural, and all that is unnatural, is erased and started over. I Understand Now how do i make It Stop take a step back,\b  stop focusing on you so called reality \b0 and start focusing on what your feeling, not what your introducing into your feeling. this can only be done, by clearing the mind, the removal the repeated \b never ending constant thought \b0 down to a almost quite, repeating peaceful tune. the body is let go, and your true self, and reality is then revealed to you. \b There is More to Your Reality, Then What you See, hear, and feel. its all around you and your all around it To Stop the Lies . When you are tripping the fuck out, and are going back into the confused state of emptiness, chase down the feelings reason, chase down its cause for the emotion, read over the situation, and focus on the feeling, and change it into joy, understand you are not bad, understand you are beautiful for who you are, and absolutely nothing else matters, because everything else is just a large orchestration in your head. \par
\b0\par
\par
what has scared us:\par
teaching people, that because of\b  personal gratification\b0 , running over others and themself is ok; this in turn causes people to become confused, and tangled in a addiction of hurt, and false happiness. (false happiness: happiness, which in fact feels real, but is of a invalid, contradictory source, which is really not happiness, but twisted  self-lies (which have been created in the mind, in order to remove the tedious function of having to fall through a phase of 'guilt', so that the person inflicted, can move around with his addiction, without even knowing he is hurting himself. It is his addictions way of tricking his mind into following this cycle until he dies, and can inflict as many others with this wound as possible, without even knowing they are doing it, in order so they can continue to live on , in the only way they know, that of which that hurts) and when people, try to 'help' others, who are in fact inflicted with the same-thing as them, but just act - out in other ways, by\b  telling them\b0 , that what they do is 'bad', and treating them as non-equal's, and as less, causes them to, in fact think of themselves as bad, but not on the conscious level, but on the lower, and causes \b them to reach a degree of unstability\b0 , until were they crack. They are no longer themselves, they are what, they were molded into, people who hurt more. when someone is hurt, they are weak, something \b that is weak\b0 , is easily \b manipulated into \b0 doing what they are\b  unconsciously told they are\b0 . and begin to truly believe a fact of which is false, and try to come to terms with and \b cope\b0  with \b lies\b0 , which \b causes\b0  intense confusion, and \b loss \b0 of trust.\b  WE all think and act the same\b0 , it  is just some of us, are \b tangled in a forever loop\b0 :\par
\par
\par
It seems, as though , \b I\b0  must \b stimulate\b0  something in \b my mind\b0\par
that is \b already there\b0 , accessible, and continuously built from this energy or this function, until it builds to a point, were I can, use it to construct different levels of thought, and create other  \b patterns\b0  of behavior, that dictate of what I  was sickened \b of the future:\par
\b0\par
\par
\b\fs32 The illness in my Head:\b0\fs28\par
\b\par
Part 1 In The Sky:\par
\b0\fs20\par
 \par
\b What the Fuck?\b0\par
\par
broken brainwashed bubble,  ripped out of my head\par
im wide awake, and this is what i fuckin said.\par
(HEHE A LITTLE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN WHATS IN MY HEAD AND WHAT YOU SAID)?\par
\par
\b intoxicated lsd warped\b0\par
everything which is written within this text,\par
is written in the method, of the track of the thought of my mind\par
i consciously choose not to follow direct english syntax,\par
to fit my own personal style of text, that best expresses, what\par
i wish to say, in the method of which, i wish to say it.\par
little rules, do nothing but waste my time, but i follow a way\par
that will \b let you understand \b0 in good time.\par
\par
yet   Wide Awake im Strapped In Alone\par
     \par
        its Something which feels astray, it creates the loss, \par
        hides me away\par
        forces you out, i cant let you through,\par
        if you dont get back ill break down all of you\par
        smashing it shut, wiring it in\par
        pulsing aside, for im melting the sideways in\par
\par
        Infinite Madness Tripping Me through \par
        its all around\par
        slipping down whispers , stealing from you \par
        pulling me around,\par
        making me go,  confused? got lost in the wind,\par
        increased the limitless spin, notice massive damage sink in\par
        used all my parts, stenciled your sin\par
        slammed faked my trust , and you stuck it right in\par
        \par
        loop end of rape trapped within a tangled escape\par
        left me open , seems nothing will stop forceful push\par
        walking backward in rush, living in your nothin\par
        made me fall a hush,  you hadda stick back a part\par
        melted in the heart , fucking wasted from start \par
        stole what was wrong with me, broke old parts of me\par
        slammed my anatomy, created this catastrophe: \par
        LEFT Me HERE, Im Stuck INSIDE, its Already BROKE,\par
        I Feel it BURNING Inside, Remove It NOW,\par
        Let Me DIE\par
 \par
        its Melting Me Backward , its Everywhere Inside, but I just\par
        let it win, push me around, force me to spin\par
        Eats Me Inside, The Non-Existent Self-Inflicted Win\par
        pressed the breaks , but i still fell down again\par
        embrace my thought, loosens me so, pushes the memories\par
        but some just wont go, \par
        screaming it up forward, going backwards way up\par
        pressing with all hope, something coming into scope:\par
        \par
      ' Im Stuck In My Connection, Not Floating Remote\par
        Unnoticed Knowledge, a crafty note, THOUGHT! \par
        Might Have Forgot, But It Did Not\par
        Yes Listening Now, Feel Light up Above\par
        Energy Coming, Please Take Me Into Your Love '\par
\par
\par
\par
\b The World Im Living In\b0\par
\par
this place i woke up in , is a warped down beaten place\par
little rock floating in space\par
owned by something, which wants to get higher then me,\par
its vast, and is standing on top of me,\par
im seeing past what it says, and im saying what i think,\par
these are my thoughts, and they begin\par
\par
with the blink.\par
\b\par
Before the Sound\par
\par
\b0 born in a world drowned with infection of your piss.\par
sounds, and desires, of wisdom, i truly miss,\par
no matter what the cost, and no matter what you say,\par
these are my thoughts, and opinions, and im going\par
to say them anyway.\par
\par
im not crazy, just got a big mouth, so what if im wrong,\par
it was just a thought .. why are you so upset, whats\par
your anger really about?\par
\par
\b\par
And In The Beginning\b0\par
\b\par
\b0 eye stuck in the middle, yet so far away,\par
fitting in tomorrow, walking down yesterday,\par
coming right into this spot,\par
little eye, giant in my heart,\par
the eyes of this serpent, falling apart,\par
coming back again,\par
what it said, or filtered, and fucked up in my head\par
\b\par
\b0 Wham, Shot Right back into this Spot,\par
hurting inside, broken sores got caught.\par
woke up in a dream, got lost in the beam\par
ripping apart, falling down it seems.\par
where did this happen to go, time is  passing,\par
and were did this point go?\par
just read me through, and dont  get caught,\par
what im  saying is tricky, and speaks out alot.\par
\par
\b The Hell of Whenever Im Awake \b0\par
\par
waking up in the world isnt always the most pleasant thing\par
to my surprise these days, to the old of my eyes \line (no longer) comforting.\par
\par
the never ending struggle created by the people,\par
who dont even know they are creating it,\par
because in the beginning, they were not,\par
it was established, before seducted.\par
\par
the bullshit story about my looks, or the words\par
im saying, is getting old, and its becoming\par
pretty obvious the true intentions, behind\par
many of the so called  things out there to\par
'help me'.\par
\par
why is that i have to go to school until the \par
earth has gone around the sun 18 times,\par
from the time i was born?\par
\par
why is that i have to for 18 passes, hear\par
the same lies, repeated in my head,\par
well ok, not lies, but half truths, filtered\par
in sections, established to bring up\par
false levels of thought, and security\par
in true negative times.\par
\par
why is that because the earth hasnt gone\par
around 18 times, im not a person?\par
why dont i have rights?\par
i think just as much as you, feel just as much\par
as you,\par
and bleed just as much as you.\par
\par
why is that, if i dont go to school, you come\par
after me , and put me in a box, until i eventually\par
break and start doing what you ask?\par
why is that , you get my parents after me,\par
and why is that,\par
you lie to them?\par
and why is it that you are always looking\par
with your walkie-talkies, and your helicopters,\par
and your 'project echelon's' , and your\par
sob sad, b.s story i heard 8000 million\par
times about how the wonderful god, \par
knows a bunch of crap and i should do what\par
he says.\par
\par
well, i think thats nothing but a bunch of nonsense,\par
being fed in my head,\par
and in turn 'brain wash' , or turn me into something\par
of which i do not want to be.\par
\par
why are you always pushing on my thought, trying to make\par
it yours, for any other reason, then to try to change how\par
i think?\par
\par
why do you think, that you can just come up off me without\par
me even saying anything?\par
\par
why ?\par
Because you have the guns, and the bombs, and will\par
you necessary force to kill me, if i get out of line.\par
\par
\par
the answer for all those questions, lies within your own\par
mind, ive opened my eyes, and my security is lost indeed,\par
but i have been blessed with freedom, at the cost of my sanity.\par
\par
for the sanity i live within now, brings others fear for they do\par
not understand, for i remove myself from the garbage, and choose\par
to think for myself.\par
\par
no duh, im not going to work out my way, its because im not doing\par
your way, so your trying to push your foot down on top of me\par
to  get me to eventually give in, or be removed.\par
\par
why is it that, these points, and thoughts are pushed into my life,\par
almost everyday, and i have to  always remove them.\par
\par
theres only one reason, and pretty much all of us are trying to hide from it.\par
im not crazy, im just creative and different, and like to indulge in my\par
fantasy, delusion, and pleasure. but , if you realize, and understand,\par
everything behind what i say  is from positive source, for positivity,\par
is what drives me, and helps me win this war, for my freedom, because\par
i know no matte wha,t my love and positive energy's forever\par
keep me free, no matter the size of the chain, or the box, the \b mind\par
\b0 will release me.\par
\par
\par
\b When ?\b0\par
\par
whenever i start thinking about the fantasy world, little delusional lala land i live in, i start to think.\par
where am i? , and why am i here? what is this never ending life, and why am i so full of fear?\par
who am i, and what am i supposed to know? what are all your meaning's and how do they show,\par
what am i supposed to become, and why? why did this even begin, and why am i asking why?\par
all the truths, i really want to know, i never even questioned, and why, were did i end,\par
and who's really asking inside?\par
\par
master master in disguise,\par
master master, eating through your nasty lie\par
\par
master master, and when did you know?\par
master master, how the hell did it show?\par
\par
master master, were do you belong?\par
master master, never ending beat of this song.\par
master master, were does it there lie,\par
master master, repeating the terrible lie.\par
master master, were shall i go?\par
master master, what did i know?\par
master master, see through me\par
master master\par
eating out a part of me.\par
\par
master master, building inside\par
master master, eating me alive.\par
\par
master master, how does it go\par
master master, please let me go\par
\par
master master, when did you sigh\par
master master, eat up your filthy lies\par
\par
master master, im going home\par
master master, shown and sewn.\par
\par
repeating down, falling free, ripping out of inside of me\par
\par
listening here, ill pinch the sound, watching it, as its coming down\par
melting back home, i wanna be were i belong, dont want to hear,\par
\par
repeating your song, dont wanna hear it, i gotta get away,\par
\par
never gave a fuck, why did you try that shit with me anyway?\par
\par
watching life, pressing down,\par
i hear the screaming nervous sound.\par
the people who are here,  want to stand on top,\par
they dont give a fuck about nothing but themselves, and there so called\par
'happiness', since when did happiness, include the destruction of just\par
about everything.\par
\par
? well let me ask the people of this filthy little rock... the monkeys.\par
ahhhhhhhhhhh:\par
you filthy little monkeys.... look what you have soiled, living in your \par
'luxury' full of sin. yeah so what, yeah this is what you want,\par
yeah this is great, oh yeah, this is really just nothing but a bunch of sad\par
little broken, wasteful people, running around in the delusion brought to us\par
by masses of people who cant think for themselves. now when something\par
doesnt think for it self, thats usually called a .... slave.. machine.. bot...\par
i mean, if you were not shown the points of views, most of you live by,\par
at a early age, and were not taught them, do you really think you would\par
have come to the conclusion on your own , on alot of the opinions,\par
and thoughts you currently believe? .. i think not?.. i mean seriously,\par
if you were never taught that people who are black, are any less then\par
you , you would always come to the conclusion, that they are equal,\par
for in the real long-run they are, of the same basic format as you.,\par
but due to something that was brought to some of your attention\par
by others thoughts (tv, radio, books etc), then come to the conclusion,\par
of that based on the opinions of others, for if your opinions differ\par
there can be un-talked about consequences (remember the black\par
thing is just a example this goes for mostly all opinions, force-feed\par
by the so called ' government '.) now what is something, that is apart of\par
everything. what is something, that is in all of are lives, whether or\par
not we like it, and have really no way out? what is always on are backs\par
standing on top of us, picking things out of are pockets, for there\par
so called ' causes '. since when did i have the freedom of choice?\par
since when ? never ?, i really am not free, i just have a few options,\par
on how i want my masters, to fuck me , best, based on my performances\par
and skills, and how i evolved to best suit there filthy needs.\par
i mean im a human being, im a person, im a thought, im a life,\par
im something that feels, i dont deserve to be treated like that,\par
you say, if there were no rules, there would be anarchy, yeah\par
if there were no rules, you wouldnt be talking to me, what i see\par
is just a new argument to focus my attention on, to stall me\par
for as long as possible, or to remove my thought from me \par
realizing the fact, that i am free, and i do have the conscious\par
decision, and ability, to do whatever i need to live, and survive\par
in my environment, its you just telling me over and over that i\par
didnt, and making me think its ok, until the point i think its\par
ok , because i was tricked into that pattern of thought, without\par
my knowledge (supposedly) . heh. \par
i mean if i was free, and this stuff belonged to me, then why in hell,\par
do you have the right to look me over whenever you want , literally\par
stick your finger in my anus, and pull my pants down.\par
since when could you harass me, and cause me to have to live\par
in fear, of men in suits, with guns and bats, who walk around the streets\par
making sure, that i keep in 'line', well, im curious, what line am \par
i supposed to stay in, and since when did a free person have\par
to walk within boundaries?, why cannot i wander through my\par
life and my world on the terms, of which i was born to?\par
why cannot i fulfill my destiny as me, rather then this\par
filthy lie sinful life, of working until i die, just to repeat\par
it over and over?... i mean alot of the things, we are doing are\par
totally not necessary, i mean were just runnin around circles,\par
acting insane. its like the psychotic monkey's on LSD, with\par
guns and bombs, its pretty wacky and crazy, i mean since when\par
did all of this happen?\par
\par
why does the history books, always leave important things out\par
and bend the truths? i mean they talk about arguments, the\par
people of the us had on whether or not they should move the\par
indians, i mean jesus god, <== who gave you the right to even\par
have the decision to move anyone from there home land.\par
since when did steal away my life??\par
\par
\b since you took over the world.\b0\par
\par
\par
\b A Bunch of Lies, and the Big Old C\b0\par
\par
whoever you are mr. big C\par
whoever you are, i dont care,\par
i just want you to get off my back, and stop tripping,\par
realize, we are going to evolve, and get away from your\par
tricks because life always comes out on top, my mind,\par
is reforming itself, to stay away from all your tricks, and soon\par
will all the people, what your doing is setting yourself up in a box,\par
i mean after a while these people are going to burst, and then\par
we will all have nothing.  we have plenty to all survive, it is\par
when we remove all of the source, that everything else dies,\par
and we are left with nothing, but if we would stay in are natural\par
line, and evolve the correct way into higher beings, rather\par
then trying to cheat with  wires, we could create something\par
positive, rather then this big confusing negative load of\par
monkey banana crap. i dont wanna be a monkey anymore then\par
any of you, thats why, we should focus all of are minds, and \par
are energies on helping are bodies and minds, evolving into\par
beings witch understand one another, and are environments,\par
so there is no need for law, for we all understand what is life,\par
and what is necessary to live, and all must come to it on a conclusion\par
on are own. there is only what there is, and if what there is is\par
you saying 'you cant do it', then thats whats going to happen,\par
but if theres you saying 'i can do it', and its happing, eventually\par
that pattern will get caught , and your wish will come true.\par
there is only what we make, and any crap thats bothering you\par
is you making it, so realize. and remove. not try to solve,\par
theres no answer to your questions, for theres no problem\par
to solve. you see\par
negative energy, and negative situations hold the value\par
of nothing  0.\par
now when you go to solve a negative situation,\par
and your wishing to turn its outcome to positive,\par
what you need to do is\par
not in turn add more negative energy to the situation.\par
\par
you see\par
0 + 0 = 0.\par
\par
negative energy in a situation, plus the negative energy of you trying to solve\par
the problem,\par
in turn really creates\par
nothing but more problems , but negative energy.\par
\par
nothing can stop ones path, and negative energy, will just put\par
rocks in there road.\par
\par
but there is something else in life, there is something that we have\par
that no one can steal from us. something with belongs to us,\par
witch helps us stay alive, which helps us live on, its within all of \par
us , it drives us, the power of are love.\par
\par
now when in a negative situation, you bring upon the person\par
positive energy,\par
the negative situation, can in fact be turned around, if enough\par
positive energy is fed in.\par
\par
now there is a difference between positive energy and so called\par
'trying to help'\par
\par
now no one can understand what goes on in anothers head exactly,\par
yes you can get vague, images and descriptions, and find close assumptions,\par
that are based on you, but you can never in fact really feel there pain.\par
you can never really understand why they do what they do only they do\par
and they know it unconsciously, and are usually trying to hide there real feeling,\par
and when there real feeling is supposed to come in play, they really bring up\par
something else that hides it, so they can continue doing what they want to \par
do, without caring about the consciousness.\par
\par
you cannot scare someone into following your point..\par
you can only cause them to hide in a corner, until\par
it is safe to come out and play again.\par
\par
\par
\b A Bunch of Filthy Druggies? or people poisoned in there head.?\b0\par
\b\par
And as the Paranoia Sets in\par
\b0\par
 Drugs are something alot more crafty then i\par
originally imagined... you think you know were there coming from\par
but you got something comin people. yeah you think its from\par
johnny drug dealer, well,  sometimes it may becoming from somewhere\par
a little more close to home. hello mr. drug dealer, not whats the point of\par
this again?\par
\par
\par
now what happens, when you get high?\par
\par
drugs, they have a scale, up and down, easy to hard,\par
the easy, lead up to the hard, and the hard get you in the end.\par
the easy last for a short while, and can be kicked, but later on\par
build up to a point were you have gone to far.\par
\par
now, when im fucked up, im fucked up. \par
its pretty noticeable by people, because of only a few\par
things, that have to do with physical features, my mental\par
state, usually stays in the same area, unless im on\par
psychedelic's. now we all have the choice,\par
drugs are available, in are environments, are very\par
tempting, feel good, but are 'bad', they hurt the\par
body , but yet make it feel so good, but also,\par
cause mental conditions, and true meanings to come out\par
people on the edge, come further, and eventually break,\par
makes us weaker.\par
now drugs are usually keep on the DL around here,\par
people try to keep there mouths shut, but everyone knows\par
that everyones on it, i say about 4/10 people i see\par
were i live are fucked up these days especially marijuana\par
but all the way up to LSD, and METH and XTC.\par
now drugs, are in are food, there in are drinks, i mean\par
shit, they are everything. hehe i am what i eat!\par
drugs are prescribed, to people for the stupidest shit,\par
we can get shit in bottles way harder then marijuana,\par
in large never-ending supply's yet thats ok, but it aint\par
cool to smoke a joint? .. now somethings fishy here?\par
i dont think that marijuana, crank, acid, or any of that\par
bullshit has absolutely anything to do with getting\par
high. its  freedom. i think they are purposely picking\par
chemicals, that we know, most people intake,\par
and enjoy and are addicting, and can take a large part of your\par
mind over. now you have the choice to get high or not,\par
and when you make the choice to get high, eventually\par
your found out, and are put into a higher level brain washing\par
facility (jail, rehab etc ) (yeah they keep saying, 'find your higher power',\par
give in,) fuck that im free not a salve!!! never ill die before im yours!!\par
anyway, the drugs, are basically like the rat poison, for the people\par
who dont follow the rules. you dont do what they say, they \par
find out, and you get all fucked up, screwed in the system and die\par
and end up doing things and becoming poor, while the ones, that\par
hold on (but hurt and life sucks), get a little bit more, but are still\par
used, and tricked, and it helps filter the people. i mean they dont\par
want everyone to do the same thing. everyone has the same potential\par
so obviously, blocks have to be set up , to   create people to live\par
within the lower levels of society. you see the rich create the poor,\par
without all the suffering, they cant live in there 'luxury'. drugs drugs\par
are a major part of the trick. a\b   a trip or a trap ?\b0 .\par
\par
\par
well so what , marijuana , my beautiful little bud, ill smoke you till\par
the day i die, never cared, and ill never ask why.\par
\par
but that dont mean anything, because im still me, im higher then\par
any chemical, and i can hold on, no matter what the level,\par
and thats the trick that you dont want me to know,\par
and thats why.\par
\par
never was about being high, or the length of my hair or following\par
your rule, its either become yours, or die. and i am making the conscious\par
choice to stay me, based on the fact, that if im not me, then ill never\par
really even live my life anyway, and living my life the right way for\par
a short period of time, is much better then living a life full of agony\par
forever.\par
\par
\b Looking On Back At What I Called a Life\b0\par
\par
so walking out on my earth, looking back seeing all my lives, and my\par
hardships, my triumphs, and my wrong doings, i know that there\par
is still a part deep inside of me, connected to all the people,\par
and everything i love, and i know that im going to hold on to\par
that part of me , forever, and its memory, will forever keep me\par
and all of you, the people i truly love. alive within, echoing, forever.\par
\par
so ill say, lets move on back to the way,\par
hey, what did i say, lets move to the right way,\par
but when is it mine\par
but when did i know,\par
this is just my tomorrow.\par
\par
get out of my tomorrow, flooding in your sorrow, \par
why did you borrow, living the lie,\par
and im stuck inside\par
\par
let me out, im inside , and about to be stop  your hurt.\par
\par
god,,\par
good orderly direction\par
my ass.\par
\par
sitting in my room im all alone,\par
mom wont listen, shes never even home,\par
telling her i love her, she pushes me away,\par
ill hear it tomorrow, just make it another day,\par
shes running real far, and fallin straight down,\par
stepping on top of me, pushing me into the ground,\par
i love them all, and this i know, but tomorrow,\par
ill be gone, and then you will never even know.\par
\par
\b Laughing in my Love, Laughing out Loud, Laughing out Little Periods of Love.\b0\par
\par
When did it ever really stop,\par
since when did i ever get out of this hurting little spot?\par
since when could i really feel?\par
since i saw that im full of love, and it wont let me drown in fear\par
\par
little sounds, i repeat in the air, \par
repeating my words, watching the scare,\par
hearing the sound,\par
listening to the beautiful call\par
\par
wondrous sound filling my ears,\par
washing back time, wiping away my tears\par
aching my body, yes making it stop,\par
takes me, home right back to the spot.\par
\par
im going home, im going home home today yeah\par
\par
i found my love it was lost in this spot,\par
beautiful little flowers, filling me to the top,\par
walking free, i found my home i guess,\par
never ending sound, wonderfully pressed.\par
walking away free, i really found me,\par
i am the one, i wanted to be, love of me\par
not of what i let of out inside of me.\par
\par
\par
\b Shit Aint that A Little Wacky?\b0\par
\par
Got my head on backwards, im feelin a little tacky,\par
back is hurting, brain feeling all wacky,\par
falling face forward, flipping all around\par
terrible beat, tripping down the sound.\par
throwing me around.\par
laughing little rhymes all in my head,\par
wondrous beat, mystical words said,\par
unknown versus, that got lost all in my head,\par
when i hear the word, i know it to be true,\par
LSD, im inside of you.\par
\par
\par
\par
\b What Truth, and Whole Lot of  Banana's and Rocks.\par
\par
\b0 The never ending pursuit of the so called goddess of your\par
desire, your filthy little paper, your dirty little rocks,\par
your nasty little 'money', your 'currency'. i mean come on...\par
its so obvious..\par
\par
ok what happens, one does work, and is paid in a paper,\par
which can be traded for other things.\par
\par
yes now while this is ok the in the current 'temporary',\par
later on, once all the work is done, and the resources,\par
are gathered, all we are going to be left with is alot of\par
paper, and really pissed off people.\par
\par
once the work is done, it is done, and once the world is\par
gone it is gone, and nothing can bring it back.\par
\par
the time is upon us, this is are only chance as a race\par
and we dont seem to really care.\par
\par
i wonder why, i wonder whats really in are air,\par
why are the people so sleepy, and not awake?\par
intoxication?  shall i dare  intake?\par
\par
\b\par
The Television and the Little Drug Gods that Live In Your Head.\par
\par
\b0 Watching your Dirty Tube, as all its disgusting pieces\par
warp in through your eyes, and get tangled in the layers of\par
your mind.\par
\par
everything thats being said your hearing and you dont even know it,\par
and half the things there saying are immediately aware to most of the people,\par
but they are aware on the bottom (subconscious mind).\par
\par
\b all the information is fed into your mind is small unnoticeable pieces,\par
information within information if you will, that is sent broken up\par
in pieces on the bottom of things said, that builds up, and comes\par
back together to build a complete thought in the subconscious,\par
witch sways ones opinion on a certain subject without the\par
persons knowledge.\par
\par
\b0 its repeated over and over and over, until it sinks in,\par
everyones programmed with something different, that\par
is really something the same.\par
\par
think about it , you hear on the t.v. them talking about dogs with fleas,\par
and on the bottom there saying, buy flea medicine, buy, how much money\par
you got.. in your head, hey i should buy some flea medicine, how much money\par
i got?, you didnt know that was said, but it just jumbled up in your head\par
and you think you thought it, but it was really just the echo of something\par
you unconsciously heard on the box.\par
works the same within text, radio , and books,\par
\par
\line\b OH MY , its in the TEXT!!   \b0 hehe\par
\par
\par
look at the sentence\par
\par
Lost Side Dead\par
\line now look at it this way\par
\par
Lost Side Dead\par
1  2   2  3  3      3\par
\par
\b\par
\b0 now the word \b LSD\b0\par
\b\par
\b0 the first letter of the Word LSD is L\par
there is one L is lost side dead and is palced first\par
the second letter of LSD is s,\par
there are  2  S's in the Word Lost Side Dead,\par
and they are placed in order after the first L\par
third letter of LSD placed at the end is D\par
there are 3 D's in Lost Side Dead, and the Last One\par
Finishs off the sentence\par
\par
\par
now when you read the sentence, lost side dead\par
unconsciously your mind with most likely pick up the word LSD,\par
hidden within the sentence, and bring up the thought within your\par
head, having do with drugs or acid, or something related, and swaying\par
your opinion of the meaning of the sentence without your knowledge.\par
\par
works the same through music, radio, and the television, in much more\par
complicated, creative patterns, that get stuck in your head\par
and cause you the victim, to fall in a trance, and repeat the \par
actions of what your being shown to do.\par
\par
ever heard the story about the pied piper who lead the rats out of\par
the city with his song?\par
\par
i dont think they are making the monkeys leave, i think there making\par
them create there 'heaven', while the monkeys struggle in there 'hell'.\par
\par
never ending drone beat,\par
pushing you up off your feat,\par
you shall decide, or was it really inside?\par
\par
\par
Whisper of the Sound,\par
empty beat, filling up around,\par
wide open, i see in the sound,\par
mystical image, moving around\par
\par
\par
\b Uh Oh.... Was it Really a Oh My. \b0\par
\par
\par
since the beginning the monkey' seems to have been getting a little help\par
he seems to have fallen down following something, or someone,\par
who he didnt understand, yeah well a dog's a man's best friend ,\par
but what i wanna know, who thinks of me as there so-called best friend?\par
its pretty clear to me, that im not alone, and im positive there\par
things that are smarter,\par
but what im seeing, is not beings of intelligence , but of mental\par
sickness, greed, and sin.\par
so what , of what you created, but  look what i can do without,\par
is really so much more,\par
yeah you think im drowning in my sin,\par
yeah you think your really always going to win,\par
well let me give you a clue, im not the one, its really you.\par
why else, wouldnt you, be without you know who.\par
\par
\b THE Rapture In MY HEAD\b0  \par
\par
tripping out with dread\par
acid all in my head it said\par
walking out red,\par
turning out the inside of my filthy head\par
\par
breaking down a part of me,\par
melting down to the heart of me\par
filthy words it really said\par
laughing it out sad and dead.\par
\par
walking around, mimic my head\par
lsd is the one it said.\par
\par
trick me so, force me to go,\par
little did i know,\par
its the one , its having all the fun,\par
its not inside my head,\par
walking around in the land of the dead.\par
taking it over, they want it back,\par
the partys dead.\par
they gotten into my head.\par
\par
\par
\b The Aftermath, brought into the star\b0\par
\par
shining bright star,\par
beautiful little place land of far\par
come to me, i beg of you,\par
take me away, make me a part of you\par
let me come, be a star with you.\par
\par
let me come out, i wanna play\par
let me be free, i never was a slave anyway\par
flying away, going really far,\par
getting real high, falling down real far\par
\par
moving way  far , high right back up\par
sticking sickness , left out in the spot,\par
got away, and they never found a trace\par
went to a place, way out in space\par
flying high above, filling me with love\par
the place i always dreamed of.\par
\par
\par
\b In My Heaven\b0\par
\par
\par
in my head, the land right above, inside my head\par
walking into your love,\par
i found this place\par
always was here,\par
right in my face\par
never going away, never gonna let it go\par
for im the one, who will always really know.\par
you can find me here, whenever you want,\par
ill be sitting here right forever, in the vastness of this spot.\par
\par
\par
jared, jared, walking out of his eyes,\par
jared full of love, mystifying hurting eyes,\par
jared jared,\par
hes gotten out,\par
\par
\par
remember, as i shout\par
\par
LSD, YOU FREE ME, BUT WONT LET ME GO.\par
YOUR THE ONE, THAT WILL ALWAYS KNOW.\par
\par
\par
\b The Night  Before:\b0\par
\par
laughing it, window of what it said,\par
words returned mimic in my head\par
blasting till im dead, music in my head\par
driving me insane, ripping up my brain\par
\par
fuckin me up, getting me stuck\par
up in the sky,\par
fuck this world, we all just wanna get high.\par
\par
so sit back, get ready,\par
and watch are mother die.\par
\par
and it aint no fucking lie.\par
laughing out loud, outside in the skies.\par
wondrous evil, mountain of eyes.\par
\par
im coming inside.\par
\par
\b the next day i woke up and they got me (at my home, when i awoke)\par
\par
While I Was Gone:\b0\par
hi jared, I do love you......just thought I'd let you know....Rhiannon\par
\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx5310\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\f1 " into the bottomless depth of our eyes\par
outside of the souring sound of our cries\par
shift of the madness, move it all aside\par
forgotten and left, but she is in inside " \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\f0\par
\par
\par
\b\fs28 Part 2   The Fuckin Come-down:\fs20\par
\b0\par
\par
Well, It seems, the day after that writing was completed, i awoke to find myself confronted\par
by the pigs  they took me away, i fell down.\par
\par
Was it forgotten or just lost in my head?\par
never ending memory eating me till the day im dead\par
\par
\par
\b\fs24 Lost Her\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx5310\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\b0\f1\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\f0 in her eyes i see true to mine,\par
smell of her soul stops my time\par
the thought of her hurts no more,\par
shes my everything and a whole lot more\par
\par
beauty deepest color\par
witness her , wishing i could love her.\par
\par
staring eyes closed, watching no more\par
ill never let her get away anymore\par
\par
wrote these words just for,\par
you so beautiful, i just wish i could be with you.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs24 Deepest Twist\fs20\par
\b0\fs24\par
\fs20 nothing  left, tore it out\par
painful anguish , misery shout\par
ripped myself, im no more,\par
this aint me, my mind lies like a whore.\par
\par
Diseased problem. think no more\par
take the cid' evolve some more,\par
broken word forward, psycho spin\par
contaminated conclusions sinking in.\par
\par
thought id win?\par
my way of problem solving pushed it further in.\par
\par
\b\fs22 bleed pain smash my mind begins the trash,\par
soul contaminated with self inflicted trash.\fs20\par
\b0\par
\b\fs24 Falling\par
\b0\par
\fs20 pissed out my soul\par
slap in the face,\par
fucking witness of eternal disgrace\par
\par
walking in my fire \par
passing in and out of haste\par
slipping on nothing \par
hiding my true face\par
yes,\par
the real me you cannot see\par
\par
just harsh emptiness and LSD\par
\b\fs24\par
Realization\par
\b0\fs20\par
watching the eyes still trapped in my head\par
unknown situation, realization of what said\par
since when, since why, broken time to fly\par
\par
gone up to far, now im falling straight down\par
broken and mangled devastation my crown.\par
\par
king of my pain\par
prince of the price\par
for without just a pitiful little life\par
\par
for i am without \par
anything else just a lie\par
consciousness releasing\par
its time for it to die.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs24 Removed From my Head\par
\par
\b0\fs20 simple burning question\par
brought forth in my head\par
lost acceptance, i never said.\par
\par
torn open insides, concentration\par
staring towards the sky\par
ringing in my ears\par
burned out life, full of fears\par
\par
spiritual rebirth once said\par
missing my insides im the one truly dead\par
looking at someone else i got lost\par
cold and broken fulfilling dead frost\par
\par
highest peak freedom i said\par
one last temptation darkest red\par
bleeding in my soul, hole out of hurt\par
stabbed symptom\par
fucking lies of self worth\par
\par
sleeping in my hills, stained of my world\par
nothing accepting nothing is really fucking hers\par
\par
my delusion of happiness is dead lost all of it to what your little god said\par
\par
oh no is that what he said?\par
nothing fucking matters, im already dead\par
\par
assemble my freedom \par
limiting what i do\par
you know thats no me,\par
its really fucking you\par
\par
think you can lie i know what is said\par
typical application, turning out the dead\par
\par
no one will listen, yet they heard what i said\par
simple equasion, brain washed walking dead.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs24 Replaced\b0\fs20\par
\par
labeled me broken sinking sanity right in\par
removing my thought\par
shoving falseness within\par
breaking me down, not letting me go\par
fuck you, how the fuck are you to know\par
walking my insides backward\par
stapled of my face,\par
such a fake little life,\par
sticking out in disgrace\par
\par
witness my rebirth,\par
pain before they eye,\par
loss of freedom\par
is they lie\par
\par
take your BULLSHIT get it out of my SPACE\par
my mind my kingdom my personal place\par
out in the lie i care, but cannot taste,\par
loss of my soul, my happiness replaced.\par
\par
\b\fs24 Thaw me Out\par
\b0\fs20\par
warped vision i see\par
were am i, and were is me,\par
missing that part, push me back\par
lack of control dont cut me no slack\par
burning twist, pushing it away, waiting for my  pain, \par
its here today \par
my eyes closed yet gleam\par
tearful compromise, evaporated stream\par
\par
looking for it i got so lost\par
cold and broken , its time to defrost.\par
\par
\b\fs24 Found Me\b0\fs20\par
\par
I  lost my soul, inside this cage, hurt myself filled with rage\par
what is this shit inside of me\par
who am i, and where is me,\par
i dont know , breaking thee,\par
my broken life, im not me\par
\par
happy witness watching me\par
perfect picture, working you see\par
i cant stop myself it lies to me\par
\par
waking up there is a way out\par
thoughtless insanity, insides shout\par
smash me open pick it out\par
smiley face, i begin to shout\par
\par
induced memory dripping down\par
twisted vision\par
burning frown\par
let it out, give it up\par
can anything save me \par
will it ever get out\par
\par
looking into the sky\par
releasing myself i begin to cry\par
im finally me, and i ask why\par
touched by nothing, yet the tear wiped from my eye\par
\par
L ISTEN S OUND D RAWING NEAR \line REMEMBERING VISION BECOME CLEAR\line LOST IN THIS DELUSION IM NOT ALONE\par
\b BEAUTIFUL GOD TAKE ME HOME.\b0\par
\par
\b\fs24 Pretty Picture in my Head\par
\par
\b0\fs20 sweetest memories open wide\par
pain is leaving, anguish subsides\par
wrapped in warmth, wide awake\par
this is my chance, i shall take\par
\par
little tears flowing out\par
lost my pain, perfect route,\par
here i am, i got out, free again\par
singled shout\par
\par
perfect vision eyes in tune,\par
found myself i got lost\par
way to soon\par
\par
symptom reverse, harmless wow\par
\b forever one into the now\par
\par
\fs28 Remember Mind, its Open Now.\par
\par
\b0\fs20 used to be broken, no longer a rush\par
stained nothing, washed up in a rush\par
remember, the delusion, its stuck in my head\par
now im awake, forever i said.\par
\par
so what now im free, and im living at home,\par
im the person, im no longer a drone,\par
i let your infection pass me right by,\par
evolved into the vastness of the sky.\par
\par
\par
master master, in disguise,\par
\par
master master,  harshed dead eyes,\par
\par
master master, what are there lies,\par
\par
master master,\par
\par
                    where does the truth lie.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\b\fs24 Part 3: The Reawakening\b0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Let me out, Im  Trapped\par
Insides shout, im ready for more\par
wanna fuck that whore\par
get it on some more.\par
\par
yeah , my body screams out\par
this fucking shit, is getting on my nerves\par
stupid, little life, nothing left, not even, its\par
not right,\par
\par
let the answers out, let the radio, watch\par
it count,\par
turn it off, a thousand drones, a smiling a happy little home\par
\par
ready to witness, of nothing\par
some more, watching all these answers\par
GIVE IT BACK NOW, GIVE IT BACK NOW GIVE IT BACK\line\par
image unannounced shown,\par
prettiest picture, being sewn,\par
long remembered feelings,\par
starting to be known\par
\par
eyes stained of color,\par
showing through the skin,\par
beauty from outside, \par
but most of all from within\par
\par
long little memories, returning in mass\par
smile, face, beautiful laughs,\par
words going up and down, but not leaving\par
my head,\par
whispers of the words, not yet said\par
\par
staring eyes closed, watching from outside\par
repent of my nothing , only beauty inside\par
waiting for the answer, hoping for the best,\par
but understanding of what is the rest\par
\par
explosion of beauty, staying with me\par
the feelings of desire, playing with me\par
what the meaning only open insides,\par
you are the reason, and its in your eyes\par
\par
\par
SLAP ME IN THE HEAD, BREAK ME DOWN, LET ME BE FULL OF IT I FUCKING SAID!!!!\par
\par
opened little memory, showing a different side of me\par
moving around, corner up above, on the left hand side,\par
i found my love, now up in the top, is a little wide open spot,\par
breaking down, showing me a round, whats the name\par
im insane?\par
hehe wait, that was a thought in my brain\par
\par
wanted nothing, everything had something to say\par
i dont want it any other way\par
why cant we just be here for today?\par
not what something else and others say\par
\par
\par
\b\fs24 going back to sleep now.\par
\b0\fs20\par
\b\fs28 staring eyes closed no others above, long for something i dream of.\par
\par
Afterward (Relapse of State of Mind):\par
\par
\b0\fs20 down from the bottom, out into the top, surrounded with everything, made up, silver dreams, symptoms in the night, forever memory of me lost , yet in sight.\par
\par
dont fall down to the lower level of existence\par
dont no matter, what they do or say, allow you to become involved\par
remove yourself from the situation, create positive energy\par
be who i am, and that is a caring loving channel of the universal\par
mind.\par
when they try to push the buttons, dont get mad,\par
there just trying to justify there behavior and standpoints\par
in the situation.\par
most of all .  make love. not make war\par
\par
no more, come on take it away, give it to me, break it on through me\par
come on , take it out of my sight, push back the wondrous light\par
come on, let me go, dont hold me back, dont any of you really know?\par
\par
yeah bullshit.\par
'its a this, its that', well you just created it, dont stick that in my head\par
hoping im going to believe, it , especially, when it gives the excuse,\par
to go FUCK YOURSELF, because of some information, you read\par
everyone, wake up, no more of this.\par
\par
"So CALLED Addictions"\par
\par
addictions, everywhere, and we all know\par
well, there simply what your creating, if you want it to stop,\par
bite the bullet\par
\par
dont set us up to fail.\par
#1 backing people into corners with options, rather then self made decisions,\par
causes people to go into a shell, and try to fake a so called 'rebirth', and soon as the plastic\par
fades, the true face is shown, and then they suffer in a state of insanity.\par
dont press your beliefs on to people, and dont try to make them fit your standard,\par
why would you do that? why the control issue here, there really is no control,\par
since we. (the people), do make are own decisions, regardless of what the\par
(so called 'law') says, there is only someone else , getting mad when someone else\par
doesnt fit there standard, and then punishing them, hurting them, there by, bringing the\par
person being punished down, and the person punishing (up), which is really only a illusion,\par
because in reality, they are showing that they have a problem, controlling themself,\par
let alone, trying to control something which is really not controllable, at all,\par
they really are just setting themselves up, to be able to have a excuse\par
in there mind and (yours), to be able to push down the other, with there\par
consent.\par
\par
its a bunch of lies.\par
\par
revolution, in there minds.\par
\par
let us be who we are, no need for this\par
\par
\b everything else, was just a memory, drowning in your piss.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b "\b0\par
human beings of higher levels of thought (use more of there mind)\par
are the ones who have mind control powers they developed\par
to enslave the human race.\par
\par
we the people..\par
underneath these large minded, over developed human beings,\par
the lower class,  only  mildly developed type of man, who  normally doesnt exist in high planes,\par
but do to the chemicals, distuiled by the over mind humans, to every form of lower man,\par
keeps them grounded, and tied in thought, and denial, reprogramming, and forced it\par
false rituals, to prove exist of something that leads to the same thing, watching, not mattering\par
or escaping. these types of humans only exist in the planes, of the 'physical dimension',\par
there are certain anti-dotes to this , chemicals, and some the humans, call them\par
'psychedelics'. there rages a war upon there planet, which eventually sparks, the truth\par
and leads the end of the over minded infecting view of  life.\par
\par
there in you, beware or youll be \b d\b0 ead.\par
                                                 \b s\b0 illy sound plays in my head.\par
'-\par
\par
Master on \b LSD\b0  :                           \b l\b0 oving me the day im dead.\par
\par
Goodbye                                                                         :)\line\b "\b0\par
\par
'\par
today will never be the day,\par
\b tomorrow, returning away\b0\par
everything promised in decay\par
lovely lady no longer by my side\par
shes gone forever, and i want to cry\par
\b but i remember that look in her eyes\par
\b0 and i know, shes really inside.\par
\b forever the life, i live for who, \par
everything is my anything, and its all\par
just for you\b0\par
\par
and for this, i love you\par
\par
\fs52 Pure Meditation\fs22 . \b Dissolving The Wall\par
\b0\par
\b\fs32 Turned Around Towards the Light\b0\fs22\par
\par
love the sounds, i hear today, the little flowers, my mind begins to display\par
the current image, beyond my scope, everything and anything is my hope.\par
\par
forever the world is mine, and you shall be there to in time.\par
\par
infinite in wisdom\par
power and love\par
truly astonishing\par
the one i dream of\par
picture clear\par
love within scope\par
your existance\par
fills me with hope\par
it came to me in a dream,\par
the delesuion, on the outside\par
can now be seen the vision, became\par
of you. i want home, and i found you.\par
i send this message, from within my mind\par
captures your conciousness fills it with mine\par
takes you to a place you cannot see\par
it exisits in the forever vastness of what is not me.\par
come now, to the screen \par
the master on lsd images are seen\par
pushing energy all around                                          \par
forward turning into the sound \par
the spin of sence, the smell of it,\par
the twisting care for it.\par
hah for the helll of it!                                      \par
coming up towards the center, turing to the left\par
opening the box, into its the depth,\par
going backward, as i turn around,\par
forward pushes me backward, holds me down.\par
forgetting being lost,  but not knowing the way\par
takes you back to were you exisit anyway.\par
haha follow the map, it exisits inside,\par
the truth and love are the guide.\par
so let me inside ;)\par
\par
\b\fs32 Indecesion \i compromised \i0 conciousness:\fs24\line\fs20\par
\b0 catching the air underneath your breath, witnessing the intesnity of what is left,\par
i provide the conclusion for  what you need ; i am all that i believe.\par
i am  the thought wandering down this road of life, moving towards the final light,\par
coming back into sight, shown to you, and with you forever tonight.\par
\par
shes the one, i think of at night, her eyes so far yet shine bright\par
came to visit me alright, she turned back the shadow of the night\par
walking all alone, yet shes here today, the fear beigins to turn away, \par
her images appears, and takes the pain away.\par
\par
so you came, yeah i saw it to, the images, clear crystal blue\par
prettyest green, comin down, turns the thoughts back arround\par
shown to me, not once but agian, her eyes start sinking in.\par
\par
the depth in sight, so beautiful this life\par
the purpose ,is  to recite,\par
you are the love i feel \par
and you are forever with me in the vastness of the night.\par
\par
looking for your love i found the place\par
lost way out in the middle of space, pressed\par
down into everyplace.\par
no longer having to move around,\par
the twisting, stilled down\par
and guides me to you.\par
and back agian.\par
\par
the peak so strong, i cannot hold myself down, you move me around,\par
you take me so high,\par
you are the light in my eyes.\par
i am evertyhing that could be,\par
the things i just wish could be\par
the precious things inside,\par
the truth can be within sight,\par
somewere it can be that night,\par
were it can be alright,\par
for me, to love you tonight.\par
\par
so i look, as it moves around agian,\par
something changes, and i drop agian,\par
the things are without, but then i reroute,\par
turning around look down, and let out.\par
\par
so many words, that i could say,\par
but nothing holds the power\par
of the truth, i replay:\par
\par
these are my words, this is my life,\par
this is who i am, and its alright\par
so much to show, so much to do,\par
but i just want it to be with you.\par
\par
im only here for the second i feel right now\par
the only thing is here, and you are the one\par
i spend this time, i hold it in you\par
i wait for the time, when i must part from you\par
the saga displays backwards in my mind,\par
i know that in a short time, \par
you will be gone inside.\par
i will miss you so deeply,\par
your the one, who was here,\par
your the one who wipped away my tears\par
your the one i love so much,\par
and your the one from who i have lost touch.\par
the future plays back in my mind,\par
i see tommorows ending without time.\par
i wander outside looking for you,\par
your gone, and i still look through,\par
see past the dream and then  I came to;\par
walking down the road , i make a left,\par
going past the gate, down to death.\par
there you are:  your \b look so in tune\b0 .\par
holding me taking me past the moon,\par
going away into the night, your love holds me\par
\b and guides me to the light.\par
\b0\par
\b im going home, i think i just might.\b0\par
\par
yeah as i walk of the haze,  i feel ok,\par
i know that I will return to me\par
yeah just not were,\par
or when, but in the end\par
i will know , the truth you see\par
is below, above and\par
towards the sky,\par
and a part of me.\par
i am,\par
the peace i seek\par
and can be,\par
nothing but\par
love even after\par
\par
\b i have nothing.\b0\par
\b\par
\b0 opening the box, were i said its a cage\par
pulled out the pictures i hold longer away\par
sorting, through the mess, the box came to you.\par
the little image, i remember in dreams \par
looking down i see your face, from the trace\par
i can replace.\par
trying to hide it away in my head,\par
if i just believe that its dead,\par
then maybe it will go away\par
the stating that is supposed to be this way\par
\b making myself remember my lies,\par
just me got caught up trippin in disguise.\b0\par
\par
below i fell, and went under this spell\par
empty circles spin in my head, sucking in the middle\par
twisting me into the land of the dead.\par
pushing pain pulls me out,\par
stabs me in the heart , makes me start\par
push me forward, and i know were,\par
so i pretend i dont even care.\par
\par
look for a way out, there came our thought.\par
smash the lies, pull them out of there place,\par
fill the hole, put a smile on our face.\par
take us in, twirling spin,\par
whistle towards the ride,\par
\b i am\b0  trippin into the sky.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs36 The Large Return Building Up The Clouds :\b0\par
\fs20\par
coming down, as i hit the cross,\par
nailed me down, growing moss,\par
setting it still, and ill keep trying till\par
it comes and breaks my will.\par
\par
no more lies, ill feed to my head\par
i anit gonna let it win,\par
i am gonna become him.\par
yeah its ok,\par
its all passed me by.\par
i let myself go, i  couldnt cry..\par
\par
thought provoking attachment towards the end,\par
destructive illusion, begins to win\par
pressing the happines down, melting your crown\par
pushing you around, pressed in your sound.\par
didnt i notice, its wrong,\par
didnt i remember, i dont belong\par
or couldnt we see, as it comes out of me.\par
watch the notes dance in your head\par
pressed the button, made you move agian\par
let you go, but i just wanted you to know\par
that your free \par
\par
litearly nothing, but the end \par
waiting to start to the spin,\par
live agian\par
as i tumble down the hole\par
holding on noting,\par
yet not letting go\par
\par
slam, as i hit the ground\par
the sound, turned me around\par
looking up into her eyes,\par
moving around, no longer inside\par
cut the cord, pull me out\par
screaming cry, i begin to shout:\par
woke up all over agian, wanting\par
to go home in the end.\par
\par
\b passing down the raod\par
the pushing upword guides me toward\par
out into the vast, peaking as\b0  i go so high\par
let go of the  the lonelies, let love back inside\par
going back to were i just want to be\par
just hold on to that part of me\par
starting straignt into the center\par
the circle appears, moving downward\par
the thoughts circle filled with power\par
the tingle, stings my soul , moves up my spine\par
the beauty explodes inside..\par
\par
powerful love can hold me close\par
can set me free\par
break open the cage, walk out and be me\par
let me go out, and be myself\par
i just dont want to be anyone else.\par
\par
no more pain is left inside\par
the hole filled up warm all night\par
laying here no longer having to seek\par
i simply reap.\par
\par
LLL:\par
\par
dont have to play the game no more\par
dont have to treat my mind like a whore.\par
dont have to beat myeslf down\par
i am moving upward.\par
the higher that i go\par
makes it easyier ya know?\par
\par
haha, jumping up stomp down\par
hahahaha move it all around\par
haha aha hahaha inside, outside so high\par
purposley, and disturbing as i try\par
\b l\b0 ost up \b s\b0 o high burne\b d\b0  out in a fry\par
\par
     \\__  \b __/\par
\b0 ha ha ha ha ha\par
-----        -------\par
ha ha ha ha ha\par
      |         |\line\line its were you belong\par
LLL\par
\par
haha \par
\par
its were you belong\par
yeah and your not even on my tounge\par
\par
\b and theThought s came up.\b0\par
\par
brought your books, your paper and your rocks\par
made up a standard, got it all fucked up\par
pretend it was ok, thought that it had to be this way\par
keep moving as they drag your today\par
\par
since when wasnt it a choice of mine\par
who said that i cant make up my mind\par
laugh the lies between my ears,\par
puke them out, disbelif the fears\par
prejudice in what you believe\par
force it on but you just cannot see.\par
\par
presonal honesty you wont let on\par
hoping that ill do you no wrong.\par
spiraling around the side, thoughts\par
connecting opening me wide\par
push the speed, around i spin\par
thoughts change mode, the master explodes\par
\par
and the purpose is known\par
\par
try to hold my soul in place \par
efforts in disgrace, negitive senstive space\par
put your walls around my eyes\par
tried to build a hell break me down in size.\par
\par
growing tall above the trees\par
dancing on your decesions totaly free\par
gettin stoned out of my mind\par
its my right and  its all mine.\par
\par
\b  ' until the end of time '\b0\par
\par
i remember the dreams as they pass me by\par
the memmorys chase me and show me my life\par
crusing in the forest, the smell of the leaves\par
the thought just below so beautiful it seems\par
everything moving yes its all alive\par
creaking and turning changing , surprise\par
the mouth opens, and i chase down the smoke\par
chest is pounding head shivering: the fatansy reloads\par
the freedom of thought explodes, thinking in symbols\par
talking in code\par
the cuts , scrapped on my skin\par
spelling out the answers taking me in\par
letting it roll, around in my head\par
the movement cycles in a circle\par
and around agian\par
the stain moves inside my chest\par
up the spine perfected power i invest\par
towering down upon the world\par
thinking a million miles an hour\par
but cant comprehend a \b word\b0 .\par
\par
lazy eratic decided scare\par
build them up, pull the tear\par
rip a hole through the fabric of space\par
encapsulated power , driven to this place\par
guides me, and i dont even know why\par
just follow it real high\par
\par
the future drags forward, my mind in a mess\par
spinning around, complete nothingness\par
climbing up the hill, i have reached the top\par
the light shines and i begin to wake up\par
\par
woke my eyes, turned on the dead\par
\b spining in circles, remember what he said\b0\par
bounces in my head, from side to side\par
through my senses beyond the \b reason why:\par
\b0\par
happiness is mine decided on eternity\par
forgot about time\par
lost out in the pool im drowning as one\par
rearanged engaged and fixed towards the sun.\par
\par
eyes meet straight into\par
not a word spoken, yet everything said to you\par
purpose is known, value is shown\par
wondering earth, the warmth of sand\par
the sound of the waves sanity in hand\par
the words i wrote down  shine\par
golden rays of power draw the line\par
\par
going on now, i rembered the verse\par
the something long forgotten brought back purpose\par
pull back the sheet, remove the cloth\par
linger with life forget the loss\par
change is the same, nothing is vain\par
no longer, acting insane\par
just thinking the thoughts, broke down the wall\par
picking and chosing, and becoming them all\par
\par
\b and all things will come in time.\par
\par
just dreaming about being alive\b0\par
\par
i can be all i dream tonight\par
everything came out alright\par
so much to believe so much i can be\par
just became, it will come, yes its i see\par
\par
the image so real in my mind\par
so true, it must be you\par
love was once, just begun \par
and has become held in one\par
consuming my memmorys letting them go\par
helping yet my conciousnes continues to grow\par
\par
upward stream  runs inside\par
potent vison is realized\par
expanding the circles for i am seen\par
witnessing the million lights of nothing\par
\par
everytime i remember, its forgetten it seems\par
dont want it to go, but its to large to know\par
the clouds infront as i daze and its all forgotten\par
\par
stuck in the middle yet in every place\par
turning out of anything made up in haste\par
running down the thoughts in my mind\par
pressing them up stamping them with time\par
\par
sometimes they knock down the walls\par
clear up the clouds\par
the thoughts run free\par
turning into anything, living in esctacy\par
\par
\b escape from the delesion turned on by the outside\b0\par
\par
wash out the insides, clean up the mess\par
think a little harder ,answer the test\par
wrap up your reality make it the best\par
decorate the box, make it look like all the rest.\par
\par
trapped up in the picture alone pain funnels downward\par
distorting outward, shaking the center  expanding upward\par
concieve the truth as hes seen\par
made up from an illusion i came clean.\par
\par
now thats its gone, i can face my life\par
purpose is intendent and understood how right\par
hundereds of sounds all heard at once\par
all the lights fill up so much\par
rise of anticipation questions dont exisit\par
forgotten and filled with bliss.\par
\par
looking down the ripples move outward\par
the fountin, the water sprays\par
intesitity sways\par
\b one\b0  prays\par
\par
as i catch my breath\b  i am here \par
\b0 looking around, the attention spear\par
stabbing look rushes in the core\par
as i remember , heal the sore.\par
\par
the lack of the sense , emotion i wore\par
the broken things have returned once more\par
in the place were the souls stay at night\par
inside the peices , that fit together just right\par
\b perfected\b0  ,\b awakened\b0  and shown the \b light\b0\par
\b\par
thrown up agian\b0\par
\par
dizzy dreams , distorted eternity now come clean\par
released confident and at home, shown, sewn and no longer alone\par
set free, from the burden of pain, anger, and negitivity\par
just let it go, simply gone, holding on, moving on , and becoming one\par
\par
swimming down the river draining into my soul\par
spinning on the decesion drowning into the hole\par
the light at the end, the pull towards the whole\par
entering out of anything and letting it go\par
\par
in a quickness it is here, fear begins to disappear\par
truth begins to reappear, level and blance show me clear \par
eyes staring up into the night the love is gazing rendered light\par
in sight,  wound up tight, layed out , \b precompiled\b0  and feels so right\par
\par
 the roses  move through the sky\par
the dropping dance, played up on my high\par
waiting on self-intimidation, removing it turning to inspiration\par
going home , not alone, the flowers wave as i sway\par
in the sun , as i begin to partake, self create, and eliminate\par
\par
filling up the empty spaces sticking out in my mind\par
living in them, creating the illusion of time,\par
so i stare away from the now, get out of the delesion,\par
go back feeling wonderful and remembering how.\par
\par
the truth is coming the hole opens and i quoute\par
the words whispered never heard, wondering now concerend\par
.... will the shadow return, destroy, show through, hold you\par
trashing out of the clash, clawing and stinging obvious self lash\par
gotta see past , look watch it crash, stare away look at always \par
remember the memorys\par
enter the high way.\par
\par
dominate the thoughts, dont let them donminate you\par
fill yourself, mold it to\par
become whatever, you think is true,\par
sewn and shown, i am you\par
\par
\par
\b\fs24 The expansion as I begin to unravel home\b0\fs20\par
\par
went back, around the bank\par
not understanding at, first, clearly a mistake\par
going towards, this destination , unknown,\par
the truth opened up and the side was shown.\par
\par
the mental states, cemmented in my mind\par
the chanting thoughts repeated, over there behind\par
words i forgot i said, playing with me in rewind.\par
\par
going up, remember its real, thinking i want something\par
but feeling the opposite still,\par
before i remembered, i was stuck in a box\par
push down the walls, and see kick ass this rocks\par
fill up the mind, yes flows inside\par
shaped and formed and seen in time.\par
\par
as some one remembered i began to look\par
soon as i noticed , thats all it took\par
the warmth of the circle can be seen,\par
the light of eternity beyond flows to me\par
thought windows the light, reflected out of sight.\par
\par
\b the sound fills up my  mind, tones going off\par
\b0\par
in this place , everything all at once\par
tommorow got lost, purity defrost\par
warmth in its shine, yet less dense then time\par
now remember  that previous line?\par
\par
\b\fs24 Eternity, within my soul\b0\fs20\par
\par
forever does exisit within my thoughts\par
simply eternity, within me without a spot\par
everything so perfected, placed right in its place\par
made up on a dream, cleared and shown in its grace\par
\par
all the doubts, have been cleared from my mind\par
the true intentions, are displayed intertwined\par
all the peices , coming back and in tune\par
connecting, showing me the dark side of the moon\par
\par
the answers coming through, the truth in repeal\par
eternity opens, and i am revealed\par
all the answers so simple, they were right before my eyes\par
i always have known them, i was just thinking in disguise\par
catching up with the dreams, the mountins awakenes\par
my place long forgotten has become remembered\par
suddenly everything clicks, and my past is shown\par
my old life, i have lived, recreated and sewn\par
i never even left,  i was always at home.\par
\par
sitting in heaven, all the faces looking down\par
remembering the perfection, courage , my heart, and the sound\par
the conneced happines, opens me wide\par
the power of god is my mind.\par
soaring high above, exisiting in all positions\par
places and locations, sizes  and\b  shape\par
\b0 etenrnal thought \b remembing for i am simply to create\par
\b0\par
yeah i am here today, ripped off my mask right away\par
watchin as i begin to care, opened up and longin to go were\par
the elcipse moved around, sunshine now coming down\par
everything is simply wound round and round.\par
\par
so, whats the answer now, should i have remembered\par
or was i even comin to town,\par
going back around, bricks laying down\par
the yellow side begins to show, walking\par
trying to find the way back home. \par
\par
\b the door appears\b0\par
\par
balance the key so now you can see?\par
choose to unlock the eurphoia within me\par
walk past the door not even looking, no longer sore\par
connected to all, passing tunnel of light\par
purity within me, everything alright\par
no more stare, looking right at the wall\par
decided it was nothing , and dissolved it all\par
\par
picutres open, pounds include\par
wonderful women, showing through\par
everything what i desire, whether i know it or not\par
-->its all so beautiful, i love life alot.<--\par
\par
yeah the correct thoughts,  stamp them into my mind\par
ingrain them in forever, make them all mine\par
yeah just the power, i feel today,\par
\b filled and healed, and whole all the way.\b0\par
\b\par
\par
Awakening the Long forgotten Self\par
\par
\b0 jared is here, no longer pretending to be away\par
the true me, no longer in decay\par
wide open, he walked right out\par
looked me in the eyes and \b helped me without\par
\par
\b0 so called addictions you placed in my head\par
tried to make me follow your books\par
your lies that your feed.\par
\par
follow the rules, yeah repeat the lies\par
pretending it feels good, smile for there eyes\par
plastic face you wear dissolves into\par
once you learn to project forgiveness out of you.\par
\par
forgive the holes that exisit inside\par
fill them up, wash back the pain lost in time,\par
rewrite the memmorys, make them how they are\par
become the truth and so you are.\par
\par
dont believe its true\par
know that it is a fact, you are in control of you\par
the lies they place, fuckin big book in your face\par
block the truth, push you down in disgrace.\par
\par
so called addictions, feed into your head\par
self made lies replayed over and over agian.\par
the reason your so lost, is because your cold inside\par
open up and step out of line, defrost no longer sublime.\par
\par
the awsome high you seek is not found in a book\par
or a plant, sheet, or a rock\par
the high you seek is within, its only waiting to be unlocked.\par
\par
your mind swings in circles, bound within a place\par
walls all around your eyes, cant see into space\par
the warmth is in decline, for you just lost your fuckin mind.\par
\par
you wonder why no one ever stops?\par
its because there forced into false spots.\par
lie to yourself and lie to me, try to make it so i cant see\par
jump up and down and scream out your reign\par
throw a tantrum, and its all in the name\par
\par
set the addicts free, show them to the way\par
\b to find me\b0\par
no more lieing dont push them into a place\par
gotta let 'em be free, or they will forever be displaced\par
yeah the hole lost in your heart, the long for her\par
for you must part:\par
\par
\b remember that its not the dope that gets you high\par
its the power of fixations, that keep you out of the sky\par
\par
\b0 The Powerful words release, and the tears shed from my eye\par
i realized the truth, and so am i\par
the memmorys begin to return, and i wash them clean\par
open my mind, and move into a euphoric dream.\par
\par
\b\par
The Ultimate High\par
\b0\par
Remebered i always knew how to fly\par
going straight up into the sky\par
the clouds swirl, as i daze agian\par
the powerful love moves around within\par
\par
the shake, as it moves up my spine\par
the explosion of esctacy on my mind\par
the love swirls all through\par
god, i just want you\par
\par
yeah the sound , and the colors you just see\par
look deeper, stare into me\par
the memorys will return to thee\par
the tones going off in the mind\par
explosion of power, all come within time.\par
\par
the love i feel, will never go away\par
i just remembered thats its  always been here anyway\par
just look outside, and youll see\par
beyond the hills, remember me\par
\par
in the land of the dead,\par
on the botoom it seems\par
the circle stops spinning, \par
nothing but memmorys\par
the wonderful place, i do seek\par
the beautiful highest mountin peek\par
\par
the light shines straight up into the sky\par
the poweful vision, now seen between your eyes\par
going up the mountin i remembered the verse\par
long forgotten memmorys have had purpose\par
\par
the sights, sounds, and places i have been\par
the truth of mastery, i hold within\par
the life i have lived, and will live for you\par
is just a illusion, and it has come through\par
\par
no more walls, that i can see\par
the thoughts run free\par
the spinning sway of life\par
turning me into the light\par
making me remember the place\par
from which i began, im underneath\par
and warmed by the sand.\par
\par
if you want to become free\par
just realize, it was always me\par
yeah just a thought within my mind\par
always displayed and is simply mine.\par
\par
\b Never coming down agian, Evolving into the Sky\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx4500\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\b0 Im never coming down agian,\par
changed the starting point all around i can win\par
not being stuck to the earth, free , spirtual rebirth\par
no more diseases you tried to make me see\par
plain and simple excuses for you, not me.\par
\par
i can go beyond what was once\par
no longer lagging in the dust\par
no longer sitting in your hurt\par
fearing disease scaring is your work.\par
\par
the crow dances above my head,\par
loonie tunes start playing agian\par
yeah the words, i mean\par
point right to\par
that place with you know who.\par
\par
just remember you were always at home\par
the answers will come, dont answer the phone\par
look beyond what you think is what i mean\par
stare deep and youll see in between.\par
the circle appears, turns erase the past\par
the answers of tommorow scattered by her cast.\par
\par
all the highs ive felt in the world, dont compare\par
to the love of this world.\par
\par
thats all it is, yes its true setup the right patterns\par
and they will seep through you\par
all the scratches once seen on my skin\par
spelling out my destiny turning agian\par
masters of the universe i watched as a kid\par
found the tapes , put them in\par
sound of power heard in my ears\par
the master has erased all my fears.\par
turned back the shadow from all those years.\par
\par
\ul\b\i\fs24 yeah just picking and choosing no longer gonna fall\par
simply creating and disolving the wall\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Do You what to Know who I am?\par
\par
Ok my senoir ape partners, Ive thrown together some\par
nonsense That I am going to throw at you. I am going\par
to bore you to death with what you call 'bullshit'. \par
Play a song, do a little dance, pretend something else\par
and romance. The idea, that the words\par
could be stuck in one place. Is pure ignorance.\par
I think that In the same way I can express certin\par
qualitys of my physical , with spirtual self, I can\par
in the same way experss this , through a form of\par
mathmatical expressi0nr0rsz (note: <-heh look past,\par
all those word surface dewelers can go look at\par
something else and change there bullshit.)\par
 of words. Such as certin\par
key instances of strings in the english language\par
that can LSD make LSD, sounds with LSD. And\par
some more of that yeah LSD. The whole mindset is\par
the same. Simply invoking specific patterns,\par
in order to return a effect. These effects\par
cause by the ones in the past 'magic', the\par
future of 'science'. Using univesal laws\par
you have strung together nonsense. Yes\par
you did invoke the actions you wanted\par
to produce, whether or not you knew it,\par
but still, its the same 'bullshit'. We \par
all know what this 'bullshit'. Cant\par
just put your finger on it there with\par
those stupid words. Damn nonsnse of a way\par
to think. Try to block my head into this\par
'structured' enviorment. B.S: my head\par
spins in circles. The threads of me reality\par
created and assigned tasks. The purpose\par
of who I am seen past, and the purpose of\par
why I am, and what I do, came through.\par
\par
" look past the nonsense and see you?? "\par
\par
Look deep inside, and there is no me, only you.\par
Look deep inside, and there is no me, only you.\par
Look deep inside, and there is no me, only you.\par
Look deep inside, and there is no me, only you.\par
\par
your out in the corners.\par
your eyes over here. Your\par
everything im thinking,\par
and still nothing.\par
\par
'are we _still_ <-- haha ape man!\par
trying to look past what others think and say'\par
\par
The Effect of Today\par
--\par
a Delesion:\par
\par
The Effect:\par
\par
Woke Up Today\par
\par
Decesion is yours, and dont wait on approval.\par
\par
Differing ideas, stuff thrown in a mess.\par
All this madness, pure lunatics\par
dont understand why they say,\par
who knows, forgot it yesterday.\par
\par
Helping the matters, they seem to\par
get worse. Dont really even care\par
just totaly said in reverse.\par
pretty much lieing, giving bullshit\par
the whole time, made up a reason\par
and now the truth is mine.\par
\par
just remember, the truth as you say\par
just some words, remembering them\par
while (you) decay.\par
\par
remember I saw it, didnt know what it was\par
just another memory appearing above.\par
so you lie to me,\par
dont even know what I said,\par
sling your lingo, remember how its read.\par
\par
perfect in your ashes, you set the world afire\par
remembering and holding onto your one secert desire.\par
just some thoughts you were shown long ago\par
just didnt remember, how i wanted it to flow.\par
\par
waking up in some far out realm,\par
didnt decide upon, returning agian\par
just showed certin corners, put\par
together in a way, strung out in order\par
to cause the effect of today\par
\par
pressed your buttons, got the apes all\par
in a rut. Told me how to do some bullshit\par
and then asked me , sir you know what\par
\par
haha didnt care to ask the question today\par
: just remember, its the changes, not the \par
reason for it hurray\par
\par
perfect dreams, of reality are not so far\par
The realm of truth is no more then a way\par
for me to push what I say. A way to sway\par
the lifes of the ones who exisit today\par
\par
just woke up. All the shit placed in my head.\par
Saw that the answers, were written in bright\par
red. Just your lifes, your purpose and your dream\par
just another memory disappearing as it may seem\par
\par
turning my thoughts dont have to think one bit\par
just picking out peices, making me become it.\par
\par
remember that the words dont point to what I say\par
thats up to you, and is decided within today.\par
\par
\par
Happines (the Today) :\par
\par
within my mind i point to a tune\par
something repeating, on the dark side of the moon\par
people approach me, and take me for a ride\par
ask me of the past, and tell me surprise\par
Something I remember, super-imposed up top\par
just make it up, and it comes out you know what\par
I think it may be, the thoughts hehe!\par
\par
Wow, they circle it seems\par
just over and over, and its funny\par
the little animals, get all dressed up\par
try to focus on something, and make me god up.\par
Got there little ties, there book with a cross\par
does a little dance, and makes smiles : within self is loss.T<?\par
\par
just a decesion made with symbols as I see.\par
I just follow the pattern, that I set and\par
woopy!. Some bullshit came back, and I turned\par
it around, made up a relegion, and wow it\par
sure sounds,\par
\par
likes something "you would think"\par
\par
yes doc I think my picture is perfect.\par
"\par
\par
Fear you try\par
to place within my head.\par
Try to tell me your lies,\par
make it just like I read\par
dont remember, how the words you \par
said. : do you care how there read? : \par
turning on the part of me \par
I thought was dead\par
just a delesion I made up\par
Nothing more, nothing less\par
decesion of mind. I choose\par
\par
"\par
\par
going up now, I climb to the top\par
Look down on life, and remember a whole lot.\par
Flying through space, the sun in my eyes\par
the answers of life, self realized,\par
purpose is shown \par
\par
so I just remembered\par
that it didnt matter how it was disaplayed\par
focused on nothing, and turned it into today.\par
I am the answers As I look deep in my words,\par
Just creating and changing, nothing else\par
in this world.\par
________________\par
Im not so stupid,\par
is you onced might have liked to think\par
_______________________________________|\par
so stuck in a bottle, you dont remember\par
the event.\par
\par
perfect little pattenrs of the mind\par
I like to say. But in reality it\par
points to a different effect today.\par
\par
Something evolved, and the words \par
got alot longer. WE! memorized\par
a bunch of shit, and really\par
get bothered.\par
We are the people you give your\par
money to\par
We are the people who like\par
to steal from\par
you.\par
We are the lifes, that exisit\par
today.\par
\par
Perfect under the sun,\par
and forever with me on this day.\par
Im not alone, because I remember\par
to this day, all the changes you\par
made. You remembered, and changed\par
I changed, he changed, engaged\par
\par
pass back the ko0l stuff, \par
a whole bunch of 'werid shit'\par
just a bunch of funny monkeys\par
they laugh and they sing\par
and they throw there stuff\par
are you sometimes?. But\par
deep down in there minds\par
I think that they all\par
are good people.\par
\par
lucky<- in the sky, I sing\par
a tune for you\par
perfected in your beauty\par
I am you.\par
\par
'ok enough you say?'\par
' you still dont think I spellet it wrong do you?'\par
\par
'haha'\par
\par
you hate me or you love me\par
im here to stay.\par
and thats all I had to say anyway (everything else nonsense in the way)\par
:)\par
'did that happen today?'\par
'dont think I see it'\par
"Lost Side Dead"\par
the mathmatical words u strung\par
thru ur head.\par
Made up who you are\par
and now. Bang your dead.\par
\par
wheres the question:\par
- the Master on LSD\par
\par
the words I forgot I left out red.\par
LSD is the key, nah\par
its just in my head.\par
yes the answer\par
is that one you said.\par
\par
\par
: heres the thought\par
Im pushin. I dont really see it.\par
Its nowere else. Its just \par
what im spillin.\par
the ideas of reality\par
are made up in my dreams. I look\par
at the situation, come to my own\par
conclusions, on how it works\par
or should work, and then\par
make logical changes within mind.\par
The changes in themselves, are \par
not really a change. They are\par
really strung together pecies\par
of other aspects of the universe\par
to create one whole or event.\par
Its not as if everything\par
is going at once, it is\par
at once. There is no distinction.\par
There is simply a whole, and\par
were this thought, is pulged\par
into this whole. This thought\par
fairly differs from 'that'\par
thought. They just built\par
there thoughts up with\par
reasons to prove why\par
they are more\par
intelligence\par
so that they \par
can continue\par
to pretend they are\par
more intelligant. There\par
is no distinict sound\par
intellignece<-. Just\par
the difffering creations\par
of the objects, within\par
intelligence. It is of\par
one source, yet continues\par
to evolve and expand through\par
a cycle of regenerating\par
what it is. What it is\par
is nothing more then\par
what I am. Simply\par
a collection of these\par
pecies in one area,\par
to produce a whole event.\par
There is no you, or me\par
there is just space,\par
change, and the measuring\par
of these factors that make\par
up exisitance today.\par
\par
I am no more then I think\par
and believe,\par
and will continue to be so\par
until further notified.\par
Thank you verymuch\par
and goodnight\par
\par
Its nothin, theres nothin else to do \par
\par
" remembered this just for you know who."\par
\par
- the Master on LSD\par
\par
" the whole exisitance\par
of live on this planet,\par
totaly deys any logical\par
reason for it to exisit.\par
There are no reasons,\par
just your faulty causes.\par
Simple in creation,\par
just think those thoughts\par
just right. The p\tab\tab ower that\par
returns, will be exactly what\par
I wanted tonight.\par
\par
"\par
\par
I think the real reason\par
you try to scuffle up the\par
thoughts. Try to place\par
them within a box.\par
Try to hide them in this\par
way that Only I understand\par
and then it 'rocks'. Just\par
those pecies I strung back\par
together, not over\par
one another. Just differing\par
ideas I can hold at once.\par
nothing is wrong or broken,\par
just written in distrust.\par
\par
"\par
\par
Honesty is in reason\par
no more shit you need\par
to try to impress\par
you are who you\par
are, and everything else\par
produces your lonelyness\par
\par
Cause and effect\par
the words you didnt\par
wish to hear. Just\par
wish you could just\par
wipe away your fear.\par
Just try to hide it\par
cover it up, with\par
this shit.\par
\par
The answer is beyond me\par
Ive givin in.\par
\par
- Master on LSD\par
'play it backwards???side ways to?'\par
\par
\par
the total conclusion\par
to this information is this.\par
i just wanted to be myself\par
i just wanted to be myself\par
i just wanted to be myself\par
\par
: the answer is inside the mind\par
its one big giant thing.\par
\par
this whole human experiene\par
is mind boggling. There\par
is so much activity going on\par
within the mind. If you look\par
its blooming like a flower.\par
Its neato.\par
\par
\par
One last giant mind bubble\par
I thought I would vomit\par
out now for all you\par
suckers stuck in the mind\par
nets are gonna do all this\par
funny crazy animal shit\par
over there. I am going\par
to sit over here and do\par
my funny animal bullshit\par
over here, and they do \par
it over there and they\par
then spill out these\par
ideas they come up with\par
and try to apply them\par
to there sorroundings\par
and make funny<-- beyond\par
the word at points, meaning\par
of the whole mind trip \par
of all the paticular occupiants.\par
I dont want to say it is \par
difficult, so I say its not\par
logical. <- that whole\par
mindtrip. And then\par
the person who just focus\par
and gets lost, in the\par
monkey jumbo\par
might\par
actualy\par
be \par
alive\par
and active\par
and what it is\par
an idea.\par
Beyond all scope\par
of what logic\par
is, can\par
or could be\par
is still based\par
on what it is made of.\par
It is a creative unity\par
or enentity. It can\par
in mind\par
evolve and adapt\par
the enviorment.\par
and I think\par
that is the\par
underlying cause\par
of the failure of\par
computer language to\par
explicity describe\par
mind power adquetly\par
enough to prodce\par
the absoulte best\par
possible result of\par
computer usage,\par
any lanugae defys.\par
The ability to\par
adquetly express\par
mind to matter still\par
does not exisit,and\par
cant not effectivly\par
change this with\par
the enviroment.\par
What I believe\par
can change this\par
is the ability\par
to adquetly do so\par
is greatly limited\par
to the extend\par
of thought barriers\par
\par
and if anyone actualy\par
read this? Trippz r\par
for real man. there\par
not just for kids.\par
\par
Im alive it seems.\par
I walk outside\par
and percive my life.\par
I act and interact\par
like a peice of\par
the enviorment,yet\par
im kind drifting\par
off over here. \par
\par
im make up my own\par
little way to\par
adapt. I give myself\par
reasons for the reasons\par
and then make that the\par
underlying cause\par
for the change. When in true\par
reality, the change was simply\par
a decesion of mind.\par
\par
there is no basis for\par
anything other then\par
what we got right now\par
and what were gonna\par
give to get, what\par
we got into \par
something else. Its\par
not that hard. There is were it goes.\par
That space. There is what goes in it.\par
These funny little objects. \par
Its totaly a decesion of the mind.\par
it can express itself in what\par
form is nessicary to produce\par
whatever result is nessicary.\par
It just must adquetly be calculated.\par
the mind is as it can be or should\par
be, but no basis on what it actualy\par
is.It is a component made up\par
from exisiting causes in the enviorment\par
around it. This life source takes this\par
from what it thinks it is,\par
should be, or can be/could be,\par
and creates what it is. simply\par
taking changing information\par
from exisiting causes within mind\par
yes it may be communicating\par
and whether or not\par
differing views of which\par
we are experiencing, can\par
adquetely caculate what it is\par
that we as human beings think\par
and act of what we are. If\par
we are to produce the best\par
possible result mr.spys\par
were going to have\par
to adapt it to mind,\par
for real power comes\par
in the simplest sense.\par
That is of the abilty\par
to adapt and change\par
whenever is nessicary.\par
\par
Life holds no barrier.\par
It changes and evolves\par
through experience.\par
That is what I experience\par
as 'me':\par
" Ok here it is:\par
your thoughts are over there\par
and your still tryin to mess with me\par
I can see ya. Mr. brain\par
 \par
To aduqetly conclude my findings\par
I see. Thats all it is.\par
\par
I think its impossible to understand\par
what I PUSH AT. You push at this\par
and then I PUSH at THAT. but its all\par
the same in the sense of what it\par
Is/Iam, will be.\par
\par
Lookin deep in my personal mind\par
I come to the conclusion, that\par
mind is not paticular expanse\par
in this SMALL part of space.\par
Space is very vast, and many\par
Objects exisit and manipulate\par
stuff within it. I Think people\par
try to listen to what you say\par
but really there not listening\par
to what your saying at all. They\par
just find adqute reason to take\par
what you say, and string it to together\par
with some causes they came up with,\par
to make up what it is. It is still\par
what it is, as in it came\par
to pass as a event. Many many\par
differing ideas, and different\par
ways of ideas. All of idea\par
has one basic pricipial. I have\par
the ability to see what is around \par
me, and change the things in this\par
enviorment of space, to a degree\par
of my will, this will only guides\par
small areas of mind,because it\par
'has not been adqutely been feemailzrad with the languz90rz'\par
haha :\par
\par
possibly i will explain\par
now for my werid behavior.\par
\par
Haha<- notice how I place it there.\par
\par
Thats the whole trip im talkin about.\par
Takin the pretty little things that\par
come along, turning i'em into a \par
code and im trippin along. principals\par
\par
how to express mind aduqotely\par
'are' <-- one of the things everyones\par
trying to do these days. \par
\par
\par
this monkey has alot to do.\par
alot to think of, and\par
change.\par
\par
\par
\par
eternity within life\par
everything just written right\par
I am the perception, I am the feel\par
I am the one, I am the deal\par
I am the answer, I am the life\par
I am the purpose, and I am feelin alright\par
\par
\par
Walking down the streams, leading to your mind\par
beating chant, enter this time\par
profound ryhme\par
intertwined\par
perfection, found \b 1\b0  in mind\par
\par
\fs36 yeah picking and choosing no longer going to fall\par
simply creating and disolving the wall\par
\fs20\par
\par
\par
no war but peace\par
no war but peace\par
no war but peace\par
no war but peace\par
no war but peace\par
no war but peace\par
no war but peace\par
no war but peace\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 